Day 4, Friday was the last working day for the week. On the last day, we indulged in several things from a class about free will and learned more about developing an app from scratch. Friday was a chill day, there wasn't much hurry burry . Morning, I was thinking about app ideas, and my mentor talked through the process of making an app. The first step was making a flow or user flow. First I have to think about an idea, then gather all necessary details required for the app, from user info like name, age, occupation etc to location details etc. I decided to think of an idea and then make a flow for that as a practice. If it is possible and not complicated for a beginner like me, then with the help of my mentor I will try to execute it.

The app I will be trying is a health and wellness app with a wellness assistant built in. This health care assistant will help answer user questions and connect effortlessly with health and wellness experts for recommending the user for what procedure or medicines they should do for treatment. The app layout is to be done in figma, which I will be doing later, first i have to think about what all are necessary for making the app, take down a list of competitor apps like practo and justask and find out their SWOT (strength, weakness, opportunity, threat). Then from the book about app development that my mentor gave me, i found out about usability Heuristic, this is a set of principles used in interactive design to ensure usability and provide a relatively simple and quick testing regime to identify problems and possible solutions, like Jakob Nielson's 10 heuristic principles; contains of 10 principles which one must follow while developing an app, it contains principles like Visibility of system status, User control and freedom, Error prevention etc.

This i will be forwarding to my mentor, i still need to add the user persona, user journey and user flow before. Next there was a session on free will, this was an interesting session because it talked about things which are not technical but atributes one should pursue. He started the session by writing down different words like Responsibility, obligation, dharma, duty and freewill and told us to define them. There were many answers, some of them goes like this, Responsibility is defined as the quality or state of being responsible: such as moral, legal, or mental accountability, then Obligation is something which you are compelled to do because of some rules and regulations,agreements or contracts.It may arise from some kind of legalities. The key difference between obligation and responsibility is that obligation refers to actions that must be fulfilled or performed whereas responsibility refers to an action for which you are accountable. Then came Dharma, which is an individual's duty fulfilled by observance of custom or law after that duty, which is obligatory tasks, conduct, service, or functions that arise from one's position (as in life or in a group) as his duty to support his family etc. Then came free will, which is the power of acting without the constraint of necessity or fate; the ability to act at one's own discretion. He then added that doing a job because it is an obligation or duty is different from doing it from free will. By doing your job on free will, you take up that responsibility rather than taking it up because it was ordered to you or by obligation. Furthermore, every choice has its own consequences, so whatever you choose the consequences that follow is something which was generated because of you taking up that choice. He added that owning or taking responsibility for those consequences should be added to one's attributes. This trait allows one to take up risks and also to take responsibility for what comes after that risk instead of blaming another for it. 
