Today was day 3 of our internship, we reached the office by 9 am and started practicing the previous days work. By 10, all of the employees had come, i went to my mentor to ask more about an idea of making a furniture online store with inbuilt AR which can be used in way that the customer can use the AR to scan their room and an interactive version of the room will be available in the smartphone, the customer then can place the furniture of his/her choice and try it out without actuallly buying it. It was a complex task, but the idea seemed interesting to me. He then gave me a book titled "Don't make me think -Revisited" by Steve King, its basically a guide to mobile and web app development and design. I plan to read it during the weekend and make a book report. After that i talked with an employee, mr Krishna, he was working in the cloud operation section of the company. He explained to me the basics of cloud testing, cloud testing is the process of using  cloud computing resources of a third party service provider to test software applications. It is done basically for testing a product before launch to find out whether the product is stable, if there is any bugs and fixes necessary to improve upon the applicaton. Furthermore, the cloud torage is a model that stores data on the internet through a cloud computing provider who manages and operates data storage, it eliminates the need for buying and managing data storage infrastructure.

Cloud computing can be valuable to organisations in a number of ways, it can ensure optimal performance, availability, security and minimizes down time. What i learned from this is that the company launching an app deploys it first into a cloud storage, a key will be generated which can be used to acces the app. The key is then provided to clients, the clients use the key for testing. The cloud operation member monitors and checks for any issues that could happen while testing. The appication has to be up 24/7. This type of testing can help the organization cut down testing costs and improve collaborations. He also talked about pilot testing which is done after the initial testing, piloting consists of assumptions testing, evaluating the feasability and also help to gain valuable insights which will further help to improve the design or inform alternative solutions. After learning about cloud computing, i then talked with Mr Jathin, the head of security for Surfboard payments, i learned a couple of things about app security from him, he spoke about how a mobile application can lead to data theft, ip theft, unauthorized access and fraud, this can lead to more problems like dissatisfied customers, revenue loss etc. He then explained about the different challenges in mobile app security, the first one he explained was device fragmentation. which he broke down like this, a mobile app testing needs to cover a multiplicity of of mobile devices with different capabilities, ffeatures and limitations. Identification of security vulnerabilities specific to develop makes performance testing a difficult task. So since most of the apps are made for ios or android, testing the app of each versioin is time consuming and requires the app tester to be aware of the loopholes. 

Another problem which can cause vulnerabilities is weak encryptions, a mobile app can accept data from all kinds of sources. In the absence of sufficient encryption that too for a payment company like surfboard, attackers could modify inputs such as cookies and enviroment variables. Another major problem is insecure data storage, user data should always be secure and encrypted. So apps must be designed in such a way that user details, passwords and credit card numbers do not reside directly on a device, if they do, they must be stores securely. 

After learning from both these experts, my mentor introduced me to figma, its a place to design app layout from scratch or from different templates. I learned to make app layouts by looking at other premade layouts. The interface was really user friendly to use and it consisted of different ways to edit to your liking, we could add shapes fill it with colour or add images to the shape. We could draw using the pen tool and also add plugins for different icons and tools. I practiced by making an interface for an app whose fuction is auctioning out NFTs. We could also give the os for the app beforehand we could also give the phone model for the dimensions for the app. 

After practicing figma, i had lunch and took a break. Then we had a session on linux, the class started with the introduction of git and using commands to upload files into git. The mentor explained git as an open source and free version control system used to store and handle projects efficiently. it is almost like a drive, where one can store a file through the terminal or via a browser. Developers used to subit their codes to the central server without. So we started with configuring our user and email id using git commands then using the initialize command init. We then transfered our essays into a new repository, then initialized this repository into our newly made git account. We learned different git commands like status to check the status of the linked account, list to show the user details, commit command is to finalize the repository and then we push it to the git using the push command. 

We then continued discussing about problem solving, using the same procedure of finding the constraints then the operations and linking them to get the solution, the riddles solved includes the 4 litre problem and the sliding number puzzle. The final task given was a sudoku, which we have to solve. 
