Today was day 2 of our internship, the day started just like day 1 with us having our breakfast from the office and by 10 everyone had arrived. We talked with our mentors first, they analyzed our previous days essay and also asked whether we had completed the initial task they had given. My mentor then proceeded to talk more about app development and how it is done using flutter, we talked about different ideas for applications and he also asked me to think about new ideas for applications which could be useful for the masses. Since im trying to learn app development in flutter, i think this is how i should start, by thinking of an original idea and making it with the help of my mentor and through the process learn how to build apps and code with dart programming. The next task i was given by my mentor is to think or search about 5 apps that you know and use like zomato, instagram etc and see whether what all complications and challenges they had faced while developing the application and how they solved or removed these obstacles. The first app that came to my mind was Uber, because of how simple but effective the application is and how it changed everyones vision of travel booking or cab booking. I searched the web regarding that and found out they faced many challenges like the initial framework was only good enough for a small number of users and it could not handle the apps ever expanding user base, the framework was built using python and node js java script. The initial architecture was called monolithic architecture, then to solve this problem they changed the architecture so that it could handle the huge user base. They changed it to whats called a series oriented architecture, after Uber i did for Whatsapp. From doing this task i observed that the process of thinking of an idea and creating an app to show that idea is not that easy, we could face many obstacles from bugs to even database failure, which could be a big problem if not solved, hence the job of the app developer is non stop, he/she has to search for every minute vulnerabilities is the app so that it cannot be exploited in the future, there might be bugs which only some users could observe, the developer has to provide updates regularly so that the app stays stable and also to think about and add new features to the app which might be helpful. 

Next, my mentor asked me to boot up my laptop and bring up the linux terminal. He then told me about different basic linux commands which are necessary to do tasks using a linux based laptop. I worked with different commands like cd, which is change directory and ls, which lists the directories after which i learned how to create directories using the mkdir command and using the mv command to rename the directory. After which i learned how to delete the directory using the rm command and rm dir if the directory is empty. Then i learned how to create files inside of the folder, this is done using either touch command or cat command, the file could be any type, it could be text or txt, could be html or vim, which ill talk about later. I practiced using these command in the terminal for some time so that i could get used to it. 

After which i relaxed for a bit, went around the office talking to different people about work, life etc. Everyone was indulged in some kind of work which they explained it to me. After that i continued searching for app ideas, and one idea that struck me was when i saw a webpage showing the emergence in popularity of Ar or augmented reality apps, augmented reality is when we can customize our reality or enviroment to our liking using a smartphone or a gadget which can support ar apps. An application of this hit me, which was to create an AR app which could help for interior decoration. What if the app could augment any surrounding like a new house interior and with the help of the app you could add and try out different furnitures for your house without buying them and bringing them in which could be a lot of unwanted work. I searched the web for more information about AR apps and find out that flutter actually supports making AR apps. Eventhough im new to flutter im excited of the possibilities that exists if i learn flutter. Before all that i need to learn the basics of making apps using Flutter and try to make a basic app then practice until i could create applications from my own thinking.
After all that we had lunch and had a small break,then we had a session downstairs where class continued from yesterdays topic about problem solving. We explained how we would solve the river cross riddle, after that he explained how we solved the problem step by step, eventhough we thought of the answer quickly there were a lot of steps that were done mentally to solve it. He explained the steps taken to solve any problem, the 1st step is to understand the problem, to get a good grasp of how the problem is a problem and the next step is thinking about the contraints or limitations of the ways we could try to solve the problem and keeping that in mind the next step was to list out the operations that had to be done to solve the problem for instance in the case of the river crossing riddle, the operationsare the farmer taking either the fox, hen or grain sack along with him to the other side. After listing out all the operations, the final step is to arrange the operations with respect to the contraints so that we do not break any contraints and hence the problem wont be solved wrongly or illegaly. After that, he gave us new riddles to solve like the sliding number riddle, where there is a 3x3 matrix with number from 1 to 8 written randomly, 1 box is left empty and the number adjacent  to the box could be moved to that space and so on. We had to do multiple steps so that the final matrix gives numbers from 1 to 8 in ascending order. 

Then there was a small break and we got time to think about the answer or to do our own tasks. I continued researching about the AR app idea and presented it to my mentor which he then acknowledged and told we will think about it, since im new to this i can only proceed gradually. Then the next session started where we were introduced to vim script editor, the lecturer introduced us to a new script writer/editor called vim, which is present in linux based os. Vim was already installed so we did not have to install it, vim can be used for a multiple of things, from writing essays to even coding. We started by creating a file using touch test.txtand using the vim command we opened the txt file in vim. He explained that vim is an advanced and highly configurable text editor built to enable efficient text edting, it supports many types of files from txt to html. Vim has got many modes, when we enter into vim with the txt file we are in command mode, we cant write or code in this mode, this mode is used to input different predetermined commands which has got a lot of uses for editing our file. To start typing we press 'i' to enter into insert mode, now we can type our script, after writing the script we should save it, for that we have to go back to command mode, this is done by pressing excape button and then adding commands which starts with a colon, so for saving it is :w, for quiting without saving it is :q! and to save and exit we should type :wq. After that we saw that there are lots of commands available for doing various tasks, like dw command deletes a word under the cursor, u is for undo and cntrl+r is redu, the ce command can be used along with a word to replace the word with another word, We can also use h,j,k,l key to move the cursor. If the script is large we can to search for different parts using the search command :/word, we can also search and replace the word using the command :s/searchword/replaceword/gc and much more can be done in vim, there is also another mode which is visual mode, which can be used to edit the appearance of the script, add highlights, change color etc. Vim will be an important tool for us in the future, all our daily tasks and essays are to be done in vim from now onwards. That was the last session of the day, we continued the rest of the day working in vim, learning different commands and practicing it.  
